That rebel really won't come back
Yeah dad he said
Unless Xiao Li is kicked out
Otherwise he won't come back.
He still wants revenge on us.
Die with us
Don't think it's better for anyone
Really can't
Let's go to Huacan Group to explain it ourselves.
Oh, dear.
We have already gone to Huacan Group to meet Mr. Lu
But Huacan Group disappeared behind closed doors
Want me to say
I have to let that trash come forward and explain it in person
Really can't
Throw us out
After dealing with Huacan Group
You can bring Xiao Li back
No, Xiaoli just watered the mustard shoots.
The body hasn't recovered yet
Never go outside to suffer
Say it again, follow that trash
He might push his luck.
I don't know what means to use then
Let Xiao Liu not come back, right?
Can't get used to that rebel
But if not
What can we do?
By the way, his adoptive mother was seriously ill and hospitalized
We happen to be in the hospital
Tell him if he dares not to come back
I'll leave his adoptive mother in a hurry to die
That's a good idea.
To them
You can't be too polite.
Be careful
What are you doing?